Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
[RUMBLING]
[EXPLOSION]
[ENGINE REVVING]
[INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[WIND HOWLING]
[BELL TOLLING]
WAITER: [IN ITALIAN] Prego.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
[CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
- [IN ITALIAN] Pronto.
- MAN 1: [ON PHONE] Is this Dr. Martins?
[IN ENGLISH] Yes. this is Dr. Martins.
- Who is this?
- NASA Space Biosciences Research.
We're patching through your call.
- "My call"? I...
- [LINE DISCONNECTS]
ENOS: [ON PHONE]
Hello? Who is it now? Why can't I talk
- to the same person?
- Hello. this is Dr. Martins.
- Oh. please!
- Who is this?
Something came out of your tank!
Okay. slow down. Can you tell me
- your name. please. sir?
- I told the man!
I told them all!
Six times I've called already!
Always a different person!
W... Where am I calling now?
Rome. I'm a research microbiologist
at Sapienza.
- Oh. why'd they give me you?
- I...
I consult for NASA sometimes.
epidemiological surveillance.
Now it's your turn. Who are you. sir?
Enos Minjarra.
I live in Kiwirrkurra.
Kiwirrkurra. where is that?
We're dying!
We're all dying!
Something came out of your tank!
- What tank?
- The one uncle found. near Tanami Basin.
- Australia?
- Yes. long time ago. in the '70s!
But now. something came out.
and if you're NASA. this is your tank!
You have to help us!
Where did the tank come from?
[VOICE BREAKING UP]
Where did it come from...
- Hello?
- Are you still there?
- Hello...
- Sir...
Taxi!
- [GROANING]
- Can you hear me. sir?
- I can't hear you.
- [DIAL TONE]
- [WIND BLOWING]
- Help us.
[METALLIC CREAKING]
Dr. Hero Martins. Major Robert Quinn.
DTRA.
This is my partner.
Lieutenant Colonel Trini Romano.
[SPITS] How are ya?
Where's the rest of your team?
You're looking at us.
[CRUNCHES]
Okay. let's get started.
I thought the Skylab Space Station
fell in the Indian Ocean in '79.
Well. most of it did.
but when it broke up in the atmosphere.
one of the O2 tanks
was recovered near here.
Some guy found it.
put it in front of his house.
thought people might pay to come see it.
Just an empty oxygen tank?
HERO: No. this one wasn't empty.
It was sent up with a microbial organism.
a parasitic fungus that could adapt
from one species to another.
So. we sent up a terrestrial fungus
and it came back down.
- What's the problem?
- HERO: The problem is.
I think what went into the tank
is not what came out.
And now. everyone in Kiwirrkurra is dying.
Or dead.
No one has been in or out
since that phone call.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
- Epinephrine. yeah?
- HERO: Yeah.
I would rather not discover
a lethal allergen the hard way.
ROBERT: When were you first notified?
HERO: Less than 30 hours ago.
- TRINI: So. when did the outbreak start?
- HERO: That's unclear.
Have you been called
for this sort of thing before?
ROBERT: Space shit? Oh. all the time.
TRINI: Robert.
ROBERT: Sorry. No.
Bioweapons and nuclear threats. yes.
Extraterrestrials. meh. no.
TRINI: Why would they intentionally send
a hazardous organism into space?
HERO: Research? To develop
an antifungal medication for astronauts.
TRINI: Switching bodycams on.
[ROBERT BREATHING]
[WIND CHIME TINKLING]
TRINI: A suitcase.
- Somebody tried to leave.
- ROBERT: Or they arrived.
Maybe people come from all over Australia
just to stay here.
MAN: [OVER RADIO] ...and I am the light.
He who believes in me shall rejoice.
It shall be...
ROBERT: Fourteen houses. 12 cars.
and no people.
TRINI: So. where the hell is everybody?
HERO: I found it! Over here.
[HERO BREATHING HEAVILY]
ROBERT: Uh-huh.
Here we go.
HERO: We don't know
what we're dealing with.
Don't touch the tank. Stay behind me.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
Huh.
It's a folkloric solution.
potatoes and dish soap.
The guy must've been trying to clean it.
[METAL CREAKING]
[DEVICE WHIRS]
- [BEEPING]
- HERO: Microfissures in the tank.
polysaccharide in the potato.
sodium palmitate in the soap.
Dripped into the tank. it's protein rich.
The guy might not have meant to.
but he created one hell
of a pro-growth environment.
All it needs is some water
and it would really multiply.
[DIGITAL BEEPS]
Who the hell are you?
[BEEPING]
Hey. can you. um...
just grab the loop in my suit?
- I'm gonna pull against you.
- ROBERT: Yeah?
But just don't let me go. okay?
Yeah. I gotcha.
All right. if I start to fall.
just pull back hard.
ROBERT: Ready?
[ROBERT STRAINING]
HERO: Jesus Christ.
- What is it?
- I don't know. But it's big. fast.
and it's heterotrophic.
[GASPS. SQUISHES]
- You okay?
- Yeah. thanks.
Hey! I found a body!
[HERO BREATHING HEAVILY]
ROBERT: I've got you.
HERO: [GRUNTS] Thanks.
Pockmarks in the skin. erupted flesh.
uh...
he... he burst.
ROBERT: You don't say.
HERO: Plates of the skull are split.
all eight seamlines.
ROBERT: Oh. my God.
HERO: What?
It's all of them.
Why the hell they all climb their roofs?
HERO: It told them to.
ROBERT: The fungus?
Yes. That's how an insect-pathogenic
fungus reproduces.
It controls all brain function.
movement. reflex. impulse.
It's driven to infect other hosts
any way it can.
Sometimes. it tells them
to climb and wait.
- For what?
- For the fungus to overfill
its body cavity and burst.
And spread.
But that's... that's only insects.
It was.
- [SCREAMS]
- Jesus!
Get your sample. Doc.
and let's get the hell out of here.
HERO: Maybe the tank
picked up a hitchhiker.
maybe a spore penetrated
its shell upon reentry.
but... however it happened.
I think we've created a new species.
We need to burn this place.
To the ground. Right away.
A couple M47s loaded with
white phosphorus ought to do the job.
TRINI: Yeah.
ROBERT: That will cover any spread.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[SQUELCHING]
[SIZZLING]
TRINI: Dr. Martins.
Dr. Martins?
Come on. we need to go.
All right. I'm done.
ROBERT: Come on. let's move.
You smell that? Burnt toast?
ROBERT: In your suit?
HERO: It's not possible.
My suit is sealed and overpressured.
there's nothing in here
but oxygen and clean CO2.
TRINI: Feel anything?
- A little hot.
- We'll lose the suits at the jeep.
They need to burn here anyway.
We'll check yours for breaches.
Who the hell's gonna store this thing?
CDC?
No. Atlanta and Galveston
will both classify extraterrestrial.
They'll reject it outright.
- ROBERT: Fort Detrick?
- [BREATHING HEAVILY]
TRINI: Still in a top-down review
after their last breach.
I wouldn't trust it to them.
[PANTING]
What about Atchison?
What. the mines in Kansas?
ROBERT: Exactly. nobody ever uses them.
Yeah. not bad.
HERO: No. No!
Hero? You okay?
HERO: Stop! Stop!
Can you hear me?
[SQUELCHING]
[CHOKING]
[HEART THUMPING]
FEMALE VOICE:
Spread. spread. spread. spread.
spread. spread. spread!
- ROBERT: Hero. can you hear me?
- [HERO GROANING]
She's infected! Stop!
Stop!
[GROANING]
- ROBERT: I can't move my legs.
- [PANTING]
- [TRINI GROANS]
- ROBERT: Hero! Stop!
- Stop!
- [SCREAMS]
Hero. no! Listen to me! Stop.
[BOTH GROANING]
Hero. don't! Don't! What are you...
- TRINI: No. Hero. Stop.
- [SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
Put it down. Hero.
TRINI: Hero. you're infected!
[AIR HISSING]
ROBERT: Don't! No. no. no. no!
[GUNSHOT]
[SQUELCHES]
- BOTH: Oh. God.
- [BREATH TREMBLING]
Robert.
Robert!
[I GET AROUND BY THE BEACH BOYS PLAYING]
[EXPLOSION]
[PLANE WHOOSHES]
[DOOR CLANKING]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[ALARM BLARES]
[SQUELCHING]
[CLINKING. BUZZING]
[ALARM BLARING]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[CLINKS]
WOMAN: [ON TAPE] Making the decision
to change your life
is a courageous first step.
Once you're convinced
of the need for change.
some of that courage will need
to be directed outward
into a world that would prefer
you stay exactly as you are.
Dealing with difficult
and confrontational people
is. like many things. a skill
that can be developed over time.
- but no change is possible without...
- [EXHALES]
GRIFFIN: Well. shithead?
I told you. Griffin. can't help you.
I wish I could. but I can't. Sorry.
I knew you were stupid.
didn't think you were that stupid.
I'm not stupid. [CHUCKLES]
I mean. I... Listen.
I get you're my boss and all.
and I would help you if I could.
- but it's messed up for me...
- [BEEPS]
...vis-à-vis my. you know.
personal situation.
and I'm not gonna do it.
Okay. so you think about it.
No. I wish I didn't even know about it.
What's the big goddamn deal?
Nobody's gonna know!
[TEACAKE EXHALES]
I've heard those words before.
- You do it.
- I don't work nights.
and no one's gonna come
for that shit in the daytime.
- Well.
- So. just let 'em in
so you and me don't have a problem.
Why do we gotta have a problem?
'Cause you know. but you're not in.
and if you're not in and you know.
then we got a problem.
You got the new help tonight.
She's on walk and lock check till 12:00.
TEACAKE: What's her name?
Don't get any ideas.
She's already hitting on me.
Ugh. [SCOFFS]
GRIFFIN: Something's beeping in there!
Fix it!
- [CLATTERING]
- TEACAKE: Wait. wha... [SCOFFS]
Asshole.
- [SIGHS DEEPLY]
- [CAN CLATTERS]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
- [CLACKING]
- [FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[BUZZING]
REPORTER: [OVER RADIO]
...expect heavy rains tonight
with showers starting in the early evening
and intensifying overnight.
Thunderstorms are likely
with strong gusts of wind
and potential local...
[EXHALES]
[ELECTRONIC CHIMING]
Ah. Mrs. Rooney. how's it going?
Staying cool?
MRS. ROONEY: I need to get into SB-114.
It's my anniversary.
Ah. okay. Superhot out. right?
Kinda weird this time of year.
but I guess we gotta...
I need to get into it quick.
God. absolutely. Storage emergency.
[CHUCKLES] I totally get it.
- [RUMBLING]
- It's snowing. it's sunny.
it's raining. it's hot. I... I don't know.
but guess we gotta get used to it.
you know?
- Global warming...
- Could you stop talking?
Yeah.
Please. let me get the elevator for you.
Just one sec.
All right there. Mrs. Rooney.
Uh. well. try not to get lost down there.
It can be pretty confusing.
I mean. even for me.
and I'm here every day.
- ELEVATOR VOICE: Going down.
- Keep an eye on you!
MRS. ROONEY: Fifty-two years...
- [CHUCKLES]
- [DINGS]
Hmm.
ELEVATOR VOICE: Sub-level one.
- [BREATHING HEAVILY]
- [SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[SIGHS]
[DOOR LOCKING]
[MUTTERING SOFTLY]
[KISSES]
Happy anniversary.
[CHUCKLING]
Okay.
[GASPS]
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
Maybe...
Maybe. first...
we'll have a nap.
WOMAN: [ON TAPE]
Feeling unhappy. stressed.
and exhausted as a result
- of constantly putting...
- [DINGS]
...other people's priorities
ahead of yours...
[WOMAN ON TAPE CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY]
- [DINGS]
- Huh...
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[MICROPHONE FEEDBACK]
S... Sorry. Hello.
Uh. c... can I get your opinion
on something? Real quick?
[MICROPHONE FEEDBACK]
Sorry again.
TEACAKE: So. what? You just started
picking up shifts this week
- or...
- [SHUSHES]
Sorry.
[TEACAKE EXHALES]
Yeah. it's a pretty shit job.
you know.
but whatever.
Discount on storage. [CHUCKLES]
I got a lot of thoughts on that though.
Basically. don't do it.
Hanging onto all your shit forever?
[CLICKS TONGUE]
It's a really terrible idea.
This whole industry is a racket.
It's like crack.
You just keep piling more
and more shit in there.
and pretty soon.
you can't throw anything out...
I don't hear anything.
Well. I definitely heard it.
Well. not definitely. I mean. I was. like.
I don't know. aware of it.
you know what I mean?
Like. I was having an argument
with my brain about it.
Does... does that ever happen to you?
You are very chatty.
Uh. yeah. I know.
- It can be a problem.
- Mmm.
- I'm Teacake.
- Hmm. "Teacake."
You must have loved that book.
What book?
You're named after
a famous character from a book.
Oh. [CHUCKLES]
No. that ain't it.
Long story. Fairly annoying.
- [CELL PHONE RINGING]
- Oh.
[SIGHS]
What?
[MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY OVER PHONE]
[SOFTLY] I said I do not want to hear it.
- Listen. I've got a problem...
- Yeah. well. you always have a problem.
- I've gotta go.
- Don't hang up on...
[NAOMI SIGHS]
Long story. Fairly annoying.
Yeah.
I'm Naomi.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Nice to meet you.
- [DINGS]
- [CHUCKLES]
- See what I'm saying?
- Yeah. [LAUGHS]
- [CELL PHONE VIBRATING]
- [ROBERT BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GROANS]
Hello? [COUGHS] Hello?
WOMAN: [ON PHONE] I'm calling about
the 1978 Plymouth Duster for sale.
- Are you there?
- Give me five minutes.
- Who was that?
- My other wife.
How can you be funny right away
in the middle of the night?
It's a gift.
- One of the kids?
- No. new voice.
I'm sure it's nothing.
Somebody having a panic attack.
Get back to sleep.
[GRUNTING]
TEACAKE: You wanna call Griffin?
Under no circumstance
do I wanna call Griffin.
He tried that shit on you already?
He's a pig. Pigs do.
Damn. call the office. Get his ass fired.
Mmm. It won't play out that way.
and I need the job.
He ask you to flip those TVs
he racked yet?
That has not come up.
Oh. it will. Trust me.
He's got. like. a million of 'em stashed
in a couple units. up there. downstairs.
[DINGS]
- [CHUCKLING]
- That.
- [DINGS]
- Oh.
- It's coming from inside the wall.
- Yeah.
- TEACAKE: Huh.
- [DINGS]
[EXHALES]
What do you wanna do about it?
What I wanna do
is take this picture down.
go to the tool closet.
grab a claw bar.
smash a hole through
this cheap-ass gypsum Sheetrock.
and see what's beeping back there.
Well. I'm okay with that if you are.
W... I said that's what I wanna do.
- not what I'm gonna do.
- Oh. come on. we can. uh...
We can hang the picture back up
over the hole to cover it.
bring in a piece of Sheetrock tomorrow.
I'm handy. I can help you patch it up.
nobody'll know the difference.
- Why would we do that?
- I have a very curious nature.
Clearly. No. I don't think so.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
It's my. uh...
kid's dad.
Oh.
High school. Shit happens.
Yeah. That it does.
He is a hopeless man-child.
and that sort of shit
makes me wanna smash through walls.
- Let's. let's do it.
- So we can see a dead smoke alarm?
- I don't think so.
- Maybe it's a smoke alarm.
but maybe it's something terrible.
I mean. we're guards. right?
We're supposed to guard the place.
Yeah. You know. I need this job too.
[CHUCKLES]
[CLICKS TONGUE] You're not gonna lose it.
No. you don't understand.
Like. I have to have this job.
I get it.
No. you don't.
I mean. it's like a condition.
I said I get it.
I've lived here all my life.
I know what a parole condition is.
and I know where black-and-gray tattoos
with shitty ballpoint ink get done.
Ellsworth. right?
I mean. I'm hoping it was Ellsworth.
Yeah. it was.
Great! So. you're not violent.
Now. will you go and get the claw bar
and smash through that wall for me?
Please?
[CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[KEYPAD BEEPING]
[LINE RINGING]
- WOMAN: [ON PHONE] Go ahead.
- 0474. Blue indigo. What's up?
We're getting a temperature-breach alert
from a decommissioned facility
in the Atchison mines
in eastern Kansas.
Yeah. I wondered about that.
given the weather changes.
I wrote a memo in 2007
on that very subject.
WOMAN: I don't see it in the file.
And I called about five years after that.
And again two years ago.
What time did the alert come in?
- 3:14 p.m. Central Standard Time.
- And you're just calling me now?
It took some time
to figure out who to call.
Okay. I'm 73 miles from Seymour Johnson.
I can be there in 90 minutes.
I need a plane from there
and a car waiting on the other end.
Is it your opinion
this qualifies as a Heightened Threat?
My opinion is it qualified
as an Exceptional Threat at 3:14 p.m.
I'll see what I can do about...
I'm not finished.
I don't have any equipment.
I need everything on the list.
I'm sorry. Mr. Quinn.
- I'm just not familiar with...
- I wrote an ECI white paper in 2009.
It's compartmented
and stored in a clean vault.
Read the report
and have everything listed in Appendix A
in the car in Kansas when I land.
Understood?
I can't do all that
without multiple authorizations.
ROBERT: Listen to me.
This fungus is intensely adaptable.
It will mutate and spread
in unpredictable ways.
Get Gordon Gray to clear you.
Only Gordon Gray.
Don't call anyone else.
What's your name?
You know we can't give that kind
of information out over the phone.
Just your first one. even a fake one.
something to call you.
Abigail.
ROBERT: Okay. Abigail.
Remember those good grades
you got in high school?
And the sports
you trained your ass off for?
The college you fought to get into?
Remember the abuse you put up with
your first year in the department?
And the personal life you've given up
for the last. I don't know.
from your voice. it sounds
like maybe ten. 12 years now?
- Nine.
- Nine. All those sacrifices.
all the shit you've had to eat
because you wanted to do
what was right for your country.
This is what it was for.
It's worse than you can possibly imagine.
We are at Pucker Factor Ten. Abigail.
But you and I are gonna sort this shit.
Sounds good?
Yes.
- Yes. sir.
- Get the stuff on the list.
I'll be at Seymour in 90 minutes.
[DINGS]
TEACAKE: A whole bunch of stuff back here.
[METAL CLANGING]
Sorry.
NAOMI: What's that say?
TEACAKE: I gotta get a closer look.
[CLATTERING]
Sorry.
Huh.
"NTC. Thermistor Breach."
Huh. Hold on. give me a second.
- [TEACAKE GROANING]
- [THUDS]
NAOMI: Oh. my God! Are you okay?
[COUGHS] Yep! Planned that.
Whoa.
"Airtight Integrity." yeah.
"plus or minus 0.1 degree Celsius."
"Cold Chain Synchronicity."
Jesus. there's. like. 20 of them.
But that's the only one that's blinking.
- "NTC. Thermistor Breach."
- What's it do?
Well. a thermistor is part
of an electrical circuit.
There are two kinds. the positive kind
where resistance rises with temperature.
and the negative kind
where the resistance falls
when the temperature goes up.
So. like a thermometer?
Um. no. like a circuit
that's reactive to temperature.
- Like a thermometer?
- It's not a thermometer.
What? Are you all science-y and shit?
Well. I wouldn't say. "and shit."
Take a lot of science.
prerequisite for vet school.
Huh.
Whoa.
- [THUDDING]
- Hey! Wha... what are you doing?
[NAOMI EXCLAIMS]
That was fun. Oh. my God.
- Oh.
- [SIGHS]
Oh. cool!
Yeah. this place was a...
It was military storage
back in the day.
weapons and what have you.
They cleaned it out
and sold it a long time ago.
Storage is only
on the ground floor and two sub-levels.
NAOMI: But this lab
is what they care about.
See the sensors?
They're all in bunches down here.
- the lower sub-basements.
- "SB-4."
- You wanna go down and see it?
- [CHUCKLES]
No.
How? I mean. they sealed it off.
That.
It's a tube ladder.
- I'm not going down there.
- Oh. come on!
This is. like. the most fun
I've had in years.
This is like a night out for me.
This is great.
Jesus.
- That's depressing.
- Okay.
What. you don't go out?
[EXHALES] Not really.
What about for. like. a beer?
I don't drink.
Not even for one beer?
That would be drinking.
[CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING]
- You know what? [CLEARS THROAT]
- [DINGS]
I thought you were fun. Teacake.
- You started out fun.
- Who. me?
- [GRUNTS]
- Oh. I'm fun.
Oh. I'm huge fun.
You're the one who just said
your best night out in years
is vandalizing your workplace.
And that's cool. and I'm...
I'm. like. cooperating.
You look at me with those eyes
you got that say.
"Please. smash a hole in the wall."
I'm on board.
And then you say. "Let's crawl
into this weird space and check it out."
Still good. I'm into it.
But then. you come at me. like.
"Go crawl down the tube ladder
a couple hundred feet
"into the blocked-off part
of the abandoned government shit
"and see why the thermistor alarm
is going off."
and a guy's just gotta
take a second to. like.
think things through. you feel me?
You like my eyes?
Yeah. In fact. I do.
[CLICKS]
- That's very sweet.
- My point is I'm kinda easy to...
talk into things.
and that's why I got the problems I got.
but I spend a lot of time
working on my personal shit.
so I don't just walk into everything
that everybody asks me to do all the time.
which is what I'm doing right now.
All right? I'm just taking a little...
A moment.
- Okay.
- [BREATHES DEEPLY]
Word of advice.
if a guy who goes by "Hazy Davy"
ever asks you to wait behind the wheel
while he runs in the convenience store
real quick.
you should for sure remember you got
something else to do right away. okay?
I'm sorry.
I... I was not being cool.
That's more like it. [CHUCKLES]
[DINGS]
You coming or what?
[GIGGLES]
[ELEVATOR DINGS]
You think that picture's
gonna cover that hole?
Yeah. it'll be fine!
ELEVATOR VOICE: Going down.
[GRUNTS]
- [ELEVATOR DINGS]
- Sub-level two.
NAOMI: Okay.
I think it's this way.
What. some janitor's closet?
That doesn't make sense.
The only person who comes in here is Dave.
and he's a horrible janitor.
so he's never in here.
That's weird.
it's supposed to go 50 feet that way.
Is that an outline?
NAOMI: Oh!
That was cool.
Thanks.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[CLICKS]
- [WHISTLES]
- NAOMI: Oh. this is crazy! Do...
Do you think we're gonna get
in trouble for this?
[BLOWS RASPBERRY]
TEACAKE: Probably.
- [CRACKLING]
- Oh!
[EXHALES] I mean.
there's an alarm going off.
Who are they gonna call. cops? No.
Call Griffin?
Absolutely not.
Plus. he crunk as shit by now. dawg.
- Why do you talk like that?
- Like what?
Like you're from the hood.
Everybody I know talks like this.
Well. you know me now.
and I don't talk like that.
TEACAKE: Yeah. that's 'cause
you're all smart and shit
with your science and your vet school
and your general what-have-you.
You know what you are? Loquacious.
- "Loquacious"? [BLOWS]
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah. I like that.
It's like some detective movie
from the '70s.
"Loquacious Jackson.
"he ain't bringing anybody home alive."
You ever see Foxy Brown?
Man. that movie is the shit!
When she pulls the gun out of her hair?
Oh. that part was so classic.
What's that mean by the way. "loquacious"?
Talking is easy for you.
- Yeah. I guess so.
- [CHUCKLES]
NAOMI: So. what's your real name?
Uh. Travis.
Travis!
That's a nice name.
you should use it more.
How do you think you'd pee
in one of these things?
- I have no idea.
- Like a little. uh...
[WHISTLES]
So. where does your nickname come from?
I don't know you well enough.
[SCOFFS]
There it is! It's here!
Oh. my God! [CHUCKLES]
That's it! The tube ladder!
[GROANS] Great!
[CREAKING]
NAOMI: Okay. Okay.
Jesus!
[PENSIVE MUSIC PLAYING]
NAOMI: Whoa.
TEACAKE: Holy shit!
NAOMI: How far down do you think it goes?
I don't know. at least 400.
maybe 500 feet?
- Hey! [ECHOING]
- My God.
Okay. So. you're going down first.
Okay.
NAOMI: Good luck!
[PANTING]
[LINE RINGING]
MIKE: Ridiculous bullshit I gotta put up
with from this woman. I swear to God.
[ON RECORDING] Hi. this is Naomi.
Please leave a message.
- [CELL PHONE BEEPS]
- Hi. honey.
Uh. it's me. Well...
This is what happens.
You know. you don't talk to someone.
they've got no choice
but to show up at your place of work.
I mean. it's just what happens.
Okay. look. I've got a problem. okay?
And I can't go home.
and I don't know what to do.
and the problem is that...
The problem is. um. it's in my trunk.
Okay? And I'm here now.
and my trunk is here. obviously.
and I need your help.
So. I'm coming in.
I'm coming in. [CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY]
[BREATH TREMBLING]
[SEAT BELT UNBUCKLING]
[THUDS]
- [THUDDING CONTINUES]
- [SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[VOICE TREMBLING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[CHUCKLES]
- [THUDS]
- [GASPS]
No. No. you're dead.
- You're dead. You're supposed to be dead!
- [KNOCKING]
Mr. Scroggins?
- [MEOWING]
- Mr. Scrogg... You're alive!
Listen. I'm so sorry I shot you. man.
- [SNARLING]
- But you're okay!
- [GROWLS]
- [SHRIEKS]
[HISSING AGGRESSIVELY]
What the hell?
[MEOWING]
- What happened to you?
- [SNARLING]
Mr. Scroggins. come here.
Mr. Scroggins. come here! Wait.
No. no. no. no! Don't go up there!
- [METAL RATTLING]
- [MEOWS]
- [SQUELCHING]
- MIKE: Ugh.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Oh!
[BELCHES]
[PANTING]
So. is your kid a boy or a girl?
NAOMI: A... girl.
Huh.
- Name?
- Sarah. She's six.
You're pretty young. you know.
for. like. a kid.
Okay.
- Did you think twice about that?
- Having her?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. of course. I was 18.
You regret it?
Sorry. is that. like.
a messed up thing to say?
No. it's... real. like. really real.
- Most guys don't ask about her.
- Oh.
Well. I... I don't mean to get
all personal or anything.
- That's okay.
- [ALARM BLARES]
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
TEACAKE: "DTRA access only."
Man. I sure would like to know
what those letters stand for.
What if it's "Don't touch.
Radiation. asshole?"
You know. that would be some amusing shit.
You know. I'm...
I'm cool with going back up if you want.
[SCOFFS]
[STRAINING]
- [ALARM BLARES]
- [METAL CREAKING]
- You got it?
- Yeah.
It's actually... [PANTING]
lighter than I thought.
[ALARM BLARES]
Huh.
[THUDDING. WATER FLOWING]
- That's weird.
- [ALARM BLARES]
[ELECTRICITY BUZZING]
- Oh.
- Hot?
Cold. Freezing.
That's... weird. I don't hear any...
pumps or anything.
Underground cold spring?
I... I guess so.
- [ALARM BLARES]
- It's coming from in there.
You wanna open it?
- No. I'm good.
- I'm good. [CHUCKLES]
- [SCREECHING]
- Wait...
What the...
[NAOMI GROANS IN DISGUST]
Oh. it's a rat king!
What the hell's a rat king?
They wrote about them
in the Middle Ages during the plague.
They thought they were like a bad omen.
No shit. it's a bad omen.
Look at this thing.
How'd they get like that?
Did their tails get. like. knotted
and stuck together
with pine sap or something?
Holy shit!
That one's eating the other one.
Well. this is some horrific.
repugnant shit. man.
I have never seen anything like this
in my entire goddamn life.
and I've seen some crazy shit.
This is fucked!
It's not pine sap. it's like a slime mold?
I think you're making it angry.
It's not a mold. There's no froth.
It's moving. it's. like. fungal ooze.
God. that is a lot of fungus!
- [EXHALES]
- [ALARM BLARES]
What is that stuff?
Mm...
- [SQUEAKS]
- [GASPS]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[SQUELCHING]
Yo. what are you doing?
Naomi!
- The door's hot.
- Yeah.
And there's green shit
coming out of that room.
There's a goddamn rat king.
and curiosity is awesome and everything.
but I think it's time
we get the hell out of here. okay?
- Me too.
- [ALARM BLARES]
- Did you get any of that shit on you?
- No.
[STRAINING] You sure?
- [GRUNTS] Great.
[VOMITING. GROANING]
MALE VOICE: Find more people.
Find more people.
Find more people. Find more people.
Find more people...
Find more people!
Gotta find Naomi.
I gotta find Naomi.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[GROANS]
[AIRPLANE RUMBLING]
TRINI: [ON RECORDING] No. Hero. stop!
ROBERT: Put it down. Hero.
TRINI: Hero. you're infected! Hero!
- [HERO CHOKING]
- ROBERT: Don't!
- No. no. no. no!
- [GUNSHOT]
[TELEPHONE RINGING]
- Qué pasó. Abigail? I was very specific.
- Is there a problem?
My screen has you
over Fayetteville already.
You have me in a modified
command transport.
which means it's official. and I'm logged.
There's gonna be a welcoming committee
on the other end.
You didn't call Gordon Gray.
Mr. Gray passed away
a-year-and-a-half ago.
I see. That explains a lot.
- I'm sorry.
- Who did you call instead?
Thank you. Lieutenant.
You can clear the line now.
Yes. sir.
Hello. Robert.
How's the back?
Hey. Jerabek.
I thought you put this one
to bed 20 years ago.
Eighteen. Apparently. it woke up.
- Sounds like a broken thermistor to me.
- That would be nice to think.
JERABEK: I don't share this particular
obsession of yours and Gordon's.
You never saw what it can do.
No one has because
it's been safely contained for 20 years.
Till you sealed the place up and sold it.
It was contained. Permanently.
Sure. unless Gordon died
and the climate changed
and the underground spring warmed up.
Oh. shit. That all happened.
I will not get sucked into
this conversation with you.
You're on that airplane solely
as a gesture of respect to the old man.
Threat assessment
and a sober report from Atchison.
that's all I want.
No off-the-book stuff. clear?
ROBERT: I'll check it out and go home.
Oh. and by the way. you're welcome.
I'm not exactly on the clock anymore.
You should probably take me off the file.
Yeah. I'll do that.
Up yours. asshole.
I'm still here. Robert.
I know.
[SATELLITE PHONE RINGING]
[BEEPS]
- Abigail?
- I'm secure. on my personal cell.
- I take it you read my white paper.
- I did.
- Was it as bad as what you wrote?
- It's worse. Abigail.
And Jerabek and all the people in power
now don't understand that.
They would stop us from doing
what needs to be done
until it's too late.
But we won't let them.
- What do you need from me?
- Airplane Wi-Fi won't be secure enough
for the conversations I need to have.
so you have to make the calls for me.
Start with a former agent
named Trini Romano.
Tell her "Margo is under the weather."
I'm not saying I... I am. Darius.
I... I'm just saying I'm late.
- I'm... I'm really sorry. Do you mind?
- [SOFTLY] Excuse me.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
- Clear.
- Trini will help you with the list.
even item seven.
Especially item seven.
Believe it or not. Abigail.
I've done all this before.
Including item seven?
- Call Trini Romano.
- [LINE DISCONNECTS]
Jesus!
DTRA. Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
TEACAKE: Oh.
Who are these guys?
NAOMI: What the hell?
TEACAKE: "Pyongyang Biotoxin
Briefing Notes"?
- Oh. my God.
- I know.
[DEER HUFFING]
- Travis.
- What?
What's going on?
Holy shit.
I...
am confused.
- NAOMI: Huh.
- [ELEVATOR DINGS]
[DEER GRUNTS]
That fucking deer
just took the fucking elevator.
[GRUNTS FURIOUSLY]
How does that even happen?
[SQUELCHING]
[ONE WAY OR ANOTHER BY BLONDIE PLAYING]
MRS. ROONEY: Fifty-two years...
[SQUASHES]
[SQUELCHING]
[YELPING LOUDLY]
Whoever DTRA is.
we gotta call 'em. like. now.
- ELEVATOR VOICE: Going up.
- [GRUNTS]
- Get out of here and then call them?
- Yeah. stairs.
[INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
That's. like.
some seriously upsetting shit.
- [DEER GRUNTS]
- Mother...
That's not natural.
NAOMI: Uh-oh.
[BELLOWS]
[SPLATTERING]
- Thank you.
- Uh-huh.
- [ELEVATOR DINGS]
- MAN: Honey?
Mike?
Hi.
Yo. you were in the elevator
with that thing?
[WHEEZING]
Are you okay. man?
- I shot Mr. Scroggins.
- NAOMI: You what?
Wait. who the hell is Mr. Scroggins?
It's his parents' cat. I loved that cat.
What is wrong with you?
Why would you do that?
I didn't know it was loaded
and then I thought he was dead.
but he blew up. Now he's green stuff.
[LAUGHS]
- So. this is Dad. huh?
- Shut up.
Open your mouths.
I wanna throw up in it.
- What?
- Open...
- your... mouth!
- TEACAKE: Uh-oh!
- [GUNSHOTS]
- [SCREAMS]
[GASPS]
What in the name of heaven's glory?
[INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
TEACAKE: Oh. Jesus...
MIKE: Naomi!
- Naomi!
- TEACAKE: This way! Come on! Come on!
This way! This way!
[YELLING]
TEACAKE: Oh...
MIKE: Naomi!
Where are you?
[BOTH PANTING]
Shit.
- NAOMI: This way! This way!
- Okay!
MIKE: Naomi!
I'm coming for you!
Oh. God!
[MIKE YELLING]
- Come on!
- [TEACAKE GROANING]
- MIKE: Where are you?
- Naomi!
- NAOMI: Close it!
TEACAKE: It's jammed!
[SHUSHES]
[MIKE WHEEZING]
[MOUTHING] No! Don't!
[TEETH CLACKING]
[CLATTERING]
MIKE: Naomi!
[SIGHS]
[OBJECTS CLATTERING LOUDLY]
[WHISPERS] What's wrong with you?
[OBJECT SPINS CONTINUOUSLY
AND STOPS]
- [RATTLING]
- [YELLING]
- [CRUNCHES]
- [MIKE SCREAMS]
[GROANS]
Um. the DTRA has a number for a place
called Fort Belvoir.
- Yeah. yeah. It's a military base.
- So do I call them. or do I call the cops?
- [MIKE SCREAMS]
- [BANGING ON SHUTTER]
- Call the fucking Army.
- Okay.
[COUGHS]
How's it possible you're still alive?
Too mean to die.
Sexy ride. Very practical.
Don't even start.
Yep. it's all there.
Including item seven?
No. we. uh... We have to pick that one up.
Are you kidding me?
[MUSIC CRESCENDOS]
- [MUSIC ENDS]
- [CELL PHONE RINGING]
- Abigail?
- We got a call from inside Atchison.
- Who?
- Civilian. 24-year-old woman.
- How'd she get your number?
- She googled DTRA off a door
and called the emergency number.
Okay. she's no dummy. Good.
I have her on the other line
on the burner.
- You want her?
- Yes.
Hang on. Her name's Naomi.
Civilian. inside the facility.
I hope she's enjoyed a full life.
- [MIKE SCREAMS]
- [BANGS ON SHUTTER]
Hello. Naomi. My name is Robert.
Ask him what in the name of Christ
is going on!
I hear someone else there with you.
Could you please ask him
to shut the fuck up?
- What's he saying?
- Travis. can you please shut the fuck up?
Okay. Um. we have a real problem here.
There's. like. a virus or...
or a fungus...
Correct on the second one.
I know all about it.
Are you somewhere safe?
- We're... We're locked in a storage unit.
- Stay there.
Has anyone come into direct
physical contact with the fungus?
- [MIKE SCREAMS]
- [BANGS ON SHUTTER]
At least one person.
TEACAKE: The deer!
Tell him about the deer!
Deer! The deer! Um. there was a deer.
- and it was infected and it... it blew up.
- [MIMICS BLAST]
- Inside or outside?
- I'm sorry. did you hear what I just said?
- I said it blew up.
- I heard you. And I asked where.
- In the hallway.
- [BANGS ON SHUTTER]
Yeah. that means it didn't try to climb.
so it's adapting.
finding new ways to spread.
Okay. listen. Naomi.
You called the right people.
Some of us have encountered
this situation before.
Stay put. do you hear me?
Do not let it make contact with your skin.
And do not call anyone else.
Speak only to Abigail or to me. Naomi.
- Understand?
- I understand.
- Keep Travis calm.
- I heard my name. Is he talking about me?
He sounds like the type
who might try to run.
Don't let him.
Forty minutes. You're gonna be fine.
- I promise.
- [MIKE GROANING]
We're gonna be fine. We're gonna be fine.
They're gonna die. aren't they?
Probably.
[EXHALES HEAVILY]
It's. like. some zombie shit.
Zombies are not real.
- Zombies are real.
- [MIKE GROWLING]
- Zombies are 100% real.
- No. they're not. Travis.
It's. like. movies. TV shows.
Yes. and some really fucking excellent TV
and movies I'd like to point out.
but that's not what I'm talking about.
Real zombies are based on this shit
in Haiti.
It's dead bodies...
that they turn into slaves with magic.
I can't believe you didn't know that.
and you wanna be a vet?
Is that really what you think
is going on here. Haitian magic?
- This thing is spreading.
- [MIKE GROANS]
- It wants to spread.
- [NAOMI SIGHS]
A rat king. uh. an exploding deer...
[BANGS ON SHUTTER]
...a dude that wants
to throw up in your mouth!
It may be down here.
but it's trying like hell to get out there
into the real world.
and we gotta try to stop it.
[BANGING CONTINUES]
- No. thank you.
- You don't wanna save the world?
[SIGHS] I just wanna get home to my kid.
Okay? If no one else comes
and we stay in here.
then... we're fine.
You know? We're contained.
[ENGINE RUMBLING AT DISTANCE]
[WHEEZING]
They're here.
Oh. fuck yes!
No. Too soon.
Oh. shit.
Griffin.
[ENGINES REVVING]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
Okay. The Rev.
Ironhead. everybody knows.
- Cuba. Garbage...
- Yeah.
- ...and Dr. Steven Friedman.
- Hi.
REV: This better be worth it. Griffin.
For a brand-new. 70-inch 4K Ultra
with a curved screen. asshole?
Who gives a shit about a curved screen?
IRONHEAD: If they're such hot titty.
how come it took you six months
to sell 'em?
I think a curved screen sounds cool.
IRONHEAD: Whoa. Griffin.
- Your place is a mess.
- GRIFFIN: Huh?
Whoa. fuck.
CUBA: God. that is nasty.
[GAGGING]
IRONHEAD: What is that shit?
Looks like you have
some personnel problems. Darryl.
- GRIFFIN: Oh.
- [MICROPHONE FEEDBACK]
GRIFFIN: [OVER PA]
What did you do to my lobby?
- And where the hell are you?
- Shit. they're inside.
I'm gonna kill you. shithead.
I'm gonna kill ya.
- And obviously. you're fired.
- Okay. he saw the wall.
Jesus. look at that.
- This shit is insane.
- ELEVATOR VOICE: Going down.
It's some kind of joke.
Hey. man. you wanna load eight TVs
in the back of my truck.
you got 20 minutes.
then I'm getting the hell out of here
before the storm comes.
- ELEVATOR VOICE: Sub-level one.
- [GROANS]
FRIEDMAN: I... I had a hygienist.
she was stealing from me.
- CUBA: Uh-huh.
- I mean. what can you do?
Personnel problems are the worst.
CUBA: Hello?
[MIKE BREATHING HEAVILY]
GRIFFIN: Feast your eyes. guys.
It's your lucky day.
TRINI: This is the place.
[TRINI GRUNTS]
[ROBERT GRUNTS]
ROBERT: This is the best storage plan
you could come up with?
- [ROBERT GRUNTS]
- TRINI: Your back is a time bomb!
ROBERT: Oh. leave me alone.
My back's fine.
Don't touch the Pontiac. It's his baby.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[LOCK CLICKS]
Oh. boy. Looks old.
So are we. and we still work.
[ROBERT SIGHS. GRUNTS]
- Here.
- I got it.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[TRINI STRAINING]
[SOFTLY] Bend your knees. you moron!
Oh. That's it.
Okay?
The shit we get ourselves into. huh?
[CHUCKLES]
[GUN COCKING]
[SOFTLY] Mom? Really?
Hey. sweetie!
You look a little heavy.
What are you doing?
Just grabbing... something.
Out of your hair in two seconds.
Anthony. this is my friend. Robert.
How ya doing. Anthony?
Heard a lot about you.
If she saw you here. Janet would kill you.
- And me.
- Thanksgiving?
I'll work on it.
- Love you.
- Love you too. Mom.
ROBERT: So. when you stored
this particular piece of ordinance here.
- you didn't think...
- What?
Your grandkids.
Oh. come on. It's not like they know
how to activate it.
Jesus! You're overcautious.
Here.
Take the 72 North.
You'll be there in 20 minutes.
- I'll get an Uber.
- Sure you don't wanna come?
Old times' sake.
I'd hack up a lung and get us both killed.
Yeah.
You know.
I never stopped having nightmares
about that poor woman in Australia.
Yeah. Me neither.
You'll try to save these two. won't you?
I'll try like hell to save us all.
He's not out there.
I don't care. I'm not going out there.
What do you mean?
Those people are gonna die.
I have Sarah at home. and Griffin?
He is a pig. I'm not doing it.
The guy on the phone said that
he will be here in 20 minutes.
- Twenty minutes!
- Yeah? Who is that exactly?
Some guy who talks a big game?
Some lady at Fort Belvoir
who has to hang up
and call back on her own phone?
These people are amateurs. man.
They're just as scared as we are.
Now. if you'd told me you talked to...
General Dick Steel or whoever.
and he said half a dozen Sikorskys
were flying in here
armed with missiles. playing
(Don't Fear) The Reaper on big speakers.
I'd say. "For sure. let's just kick back
and let that happen."
But they aren't. Naomi. okay?
They aren't coming.
Please! Please. please!
Do not open that door.
[SIGHS] I got one job. All right?
It's a shit job. but it's my shit job.
This place hired me right out of prison.
and nobody else would do that.
So. I would very much like to just once...
not screw something up.
You can wait here if you want.
but I'm gonna go stop this zombie shit.
You... [BREATHES DEEPLY]
You are a lot more interesting
than you look at first.
Work on that compliment.
Try it again later.
Lock the door after me.
I said. "Rip a hole in the wall."
You ripped a hole in the wall.
You were all in. Now I'm all in.
You coming or what?
That's great work!
GARBAGE: When are you gonna grab one.
you lazy piece of shit?
[MIKE BREATHES HEAVILY]
ELEVATOR VOICE: Going up.
[HARMONICA MUSIC ECHOES OVER SPEAKER]
NAOMI: Where's that coming from?
TEACAKE: I dunno.
Oh. my God!
ELEVATOR VOICE: Sub-level one.
[HARMONICA MUSIC]
[MIKE GRUNTING]
- GARBAGE: My God. What's wrong with him?
- [MIKE BURPS]
- [GASPS]
- CUBA: He's got COVID.
Yo! Get out of there!
What do you want?
Hey! Get outta there!
NAOMI: Seriously. you should listen to us!
TEACAKE: Get out of there!
[SCREAMS]
[GARBAGE SCREAMS]
[WHIMPERS. BURPS]
Jesus Christ!
[SCREAMING]
GARBAGE: Open the door!
[LAUGHS]
Naomi!
- Mike... Mike...
- [YELLING]
- [GUNSHOT]
- [MIKE GROANS]
Huh!
Mrs. Rooney?
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
- [MIKE GROANS]
- [EXPLOSION]
- [SPLATTERING]
- [NAOMI GROANS]
Something wasn't right
about that young man.
What in God's name is going on?
Active shooter.
- [GUN COCKING]
- Come on.
[HIGH-PITCH RINGING]
[SQUELCHING]
I gotta get out of here.
No. No. no. no. no. no! No. no. It's cool.
Uh. it's cool. it's fine. You had to.
Uh. he was. like. you know.
infected with this
kind of horrible zombie shit
and he was gonna barf
all over us. into our mouths and...
- GRIFFIN: Yeah. I got a gun. shithead!
- Yeah. Let's get you outta here.
Uh. we're not gonna take the elevator.
Let's take you over this way. Come on.
What do you mean. "they left"?
- I mean. they're not in the unit.
- Why the hell not?
She said there were others
inside the facility.
and they had to warn them.
Shit. How many others?
She didn't say. She hung up on me.
I called back four times.
She doesn't answer.
- When was this?
- Four minutes ago.
- Changes?
- Only everything.
Abigail. there's a storm on the way.
If that fungus contacts water.
it'll spread like wildfire.
We need an aerial view.
ABIGAIL: You want
satellite reconnaissance?
I'll settle for a keyhole.
A ten-minute redirect would do it.
You're crazy. Operationally. I mean.
No. I'm ambitious. Abigail.
and so are you.
Come on. who do you know?
- I have a friend at the ADF East.
- There you go!
I'll be there in eight minutes.
Get eyes overhead ASAP.
Anyone contaminated will read hot.
so look for abnormal heat signatures.
Any infected people leave that place.
I need to know how many and where they go.
- I'm on it.
- Abigail.
You know what I have to do. right?
I read the white paper.
And you're okay with it?
Is there a choice?
No.
Call you back in six.
Mrs. Rooney.
you're gonna go up the stairs.
take two rights. out the side door.
and that's it. you're good to go.
All right. Okay. Mrs. Rooney! Mrs. Rooney!
- What?
- The gun! Toss the gun in the river.
[GRUNTS]
Okay.
Jesus Christ. [SIGHS]
GRIFFIN: Hey. I'm armed.
you son of a bitch!
You hear me?
TEACAKE: Griffin!
Yeah. I'm coming in strapped.
It's Teacake. man! Chill out!
REV: You know what?
I've had it with these clowns.
- [ENGINE STARTS]
- [TIRES SCREECHING]
[SQUELCHING]
GRIFFIN: What the fuck is that?
Yo! Yo! Griffin!
Put the gun away. you idiot!
- Hands in the air.
- It's me.
- My hands are in the air.
- Drop the gun.
- I don't have a gun. man.
- It... It's true. Darryl.
He does not appear to have a gun.
- You!
- Me?
Glasses! Yeah.
Get away from that shit. man!
Don't touch that!
That is some dangerous shit. okay?
Down on the floor. up against the wall!
Which one. man? On the floor or the wall?
[LOUD THUD]
Ironhead?
[GROWLING]
IRONHEAD: [GRUFFLY] Open this door!
Ironhead. what the hell
are you doing. man?
- [BANGING]
- [GROWLING]
- What'd you lock him in there for?
- They're infected.
- With what?
- IRONHEAD: Open the door!
- GARBAGE: Open the door!
- Bad shit!
Open that door.
- [BANGING]
- No.
I'm telling you. I need to...
- [GUNSHOT]
- [GROANS]
[GASPS]
You fucking shot me.
Yeah! And... And I'll shoot you again!
Unless you open that goddamn door.
[LOUD THUD]
Do it!
- [GROWLING]
- IRONHEAD: Let me out!
I will put a goddamn bullet in your head
if you don't open that door.
- IRONHEAD: Let us out!
- [BANGING]
Keep coming.
It's a bad idea. man.
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
FRIEDMAN: Darryl? Darryl.
you gotta put the gun down.
- Darryl... Jeez...
- GRIFFIN: Shut up. you nerd!
Do it.
- [IRONHEAD ROARS]
- [BANGING]
GRIFFIN: Last chance.
- You stupid mother...
- NAOMI: Hey!
FRIEDMAN: Give me the gun. Darryl!
- GRIFFIN: What are you...
- [GUNSHOTS]
FRIEDMAN: Oh. God!
- TEACAKE: Come on!
- Quick!
- Why are you bleeding?
- I'm okay. Come on! Come! Don't look back!
[FRIEDMAN GRUNTS]
What the hell are you doing. man?
[INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
TEACAKE: I've never seen
anything like that.
That took a twist. bro!
You ever seen anything like that?
- No! No one has!
- [THUNDER RUMBLING]
TEACAKE: That's crazy. This way. come on.
- ROBERT: Stop!
- [GROANS]
- Abigail. heat sigs.
- Normal.
Normal!
- Robert?
- ROBERT: You're Naomi?
- [PANTING] Yeah.
- Yo.
I've had about enough people
pointing guns at me for one night. okay?
And you must be Travis.
TEACAKE: [PANTING] Where's the rest
of your crew?
- ROBERT: I'm it.
- You're it? You're the only person?
Why is she shouting?
Gunshot next to the ear.
She can't hear on the right side.
Ah. Who else has a gun in there?
So far. everybody but us.
We'll fix that. Come on.
[PANTING]
Ironhead. the door's locked.
and you got my key.
- [RATTLING]
- [CLINKING]
- NAOMI: I've never shot a gun.
- Fifteen-round magazine.
Now there's a round in the chamber.
Trigger safety right on it. Nothing to it.
Okay. you two may have started
the night minimum-wage guards
working the graveyard.
But you're a Green Light Team now.
Okay?
[ROBERT GRUNTS]
What are those?
Level-four hazmat suits.
positive pressurization.
self-contained breathing.
fully chem-resistant. and a two-way radio.
Put 'em on.
You have to go back downstairs
to place this device.
It has a selectable yield.
- [BEEPING]
- Point three. five. ten. or 80 kilotons.
We'll go with three. Nah. maybe five.
what the hell.
Wait a second. Uh. you brought a nuke...
A nuke? A... A fucking suitcase bomb?
Listen to me. It is not a suitcase bomb.
There's no such thing as a suitcase bomb.
What kind of invading
ground force carries suitcases?
That is a nuke.
You... Are... What are you. nuts?
Have you seen what the fungus can do?
You're gonna kill everybody
in eastern Kansas. man!
ROBERT: We're not killing anyone.
Detonation will be hundreds
of feet underground.
This immediate area will be irradiated.
but there will be
no atmospheric fallout...
and the problem will be solved.
Do it right. and we'll all get medals.
NAOMI: He's right.
You saw how fast that thing spreads.
You'll carry this down to sub-level four
and activate the triggering mechanism.
I'll show you how.
Once it starts.
you have between nine and 16 minutes
to get out
and get a mile away from here.
Between nine and 16?
The timer duration's a little unstable
without a metal wire.
Okay. yeah. What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna stay up here.
and remove any infected organisms
that try to escape the area.
- Remove?
- I'm going to kill them. Naomi.
I'm going to execute people
whose only crime is that they were exposed
to a deadly fungus.
You want my part of the job or yours?
Yeah. Strap that shit on me.
[INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
- [RATTLING]
- [GRUNTS]
[IRONHEAD GROWLS SOFTLY]
[GASPS]
[GAGGING]
Aah!
[EXCLAIMS]
[WHIMPERS]
FRIEDMAN: Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
Get away from me. Get away. Get back.
GARBAGE: Easy. man.
That was... horrible.
So. I think we should all
just get out of here.
No shit. we're leaving. You first. Go on.
[IRONHEAD GROWLING]
[GROANING]
Cuba?
- I don't feel so good...
- [EXPLOSION]
[GRIFFIN SCREAMS]
FRIEDMAN: I gotta get out of here!
[THUNDER RUMBLES]
NAOMI: Okay. maybe four minutes
to get down there.
a couple minutes to set it up.
four to get back here.
TEACAKE: No. up is harder.
Six minutes minimum.
[NAOMI BREATHING HEAVILY]
[AIR HISSING]
ELEVATOR VOICE: Going down.
[PANTING]
[AIR HISSING]
- You've got incoming.
- Where?
Around the corner of the building.
Ten seconds.
Male. moving fast.
major heat signature. On the left.
- I got nothing!
- More left!
- Nothing!
- More left... He's right behind you!
- [GRUNTS]
- [FRIEDMAN YELLS]
Get this shit off of me!
[GROANING]
[GROANS]
Son of a bitch!
TEACAKE: Damn. this thing's heavy.
NAOMI: Want me to carry it?
TEACAKE: I got it.
[ALARM BLARES]
TEACAKE: Okay. chuck it down there?
- Hope for the best?
- NAOMI: I don't think so.
- [GROANING]
- ABIGAIL: Robert. are you all right?
ROBERT: It's my fucking back.
- I can still take them out from here.
- Shit.
NAOMI: Okay. almost there. Yeah.
I got it.
[SQUELCHING]
[IRONHEAD GROWLS SOFTLY]
[WHISPERS] Go on.
[RAIN PATTERING SOFTLY]
[GROANS]
[BONES RATTLING]
Nobody leaves.
Robert. what the hell is happening there?
GRIFFIN: What was that?
Where are you going?
- [GROWLING]
- [SQUELCHING]
TEACAKE: How much time we have to get out?
NAOMI: At least nine minutes
after we start the timer.
TEACAKE: Yeah. what if that's not enough?
NAOMI: I don't know. we die?
[BOTH PANTING]
NAOMI: It's stuck!
TEACAKE: Hang on. Let me help.
- [GRUNTS]
- [DOOR CREAKS]
NAOMI: Watch your step.
TEACAKE: Oh! You've gotta be kidding me.
- What happened?
- NAOMI: It found water.
Uh. if it makes it through that pipe.
it'll get into the groundwater
and then that will take it through
to the Missouri River.
Let's blow this shit up.
NAOMI: Do you think
we have to put it in that room?
TEACAKE: Nah. here's fine.
[AIR HISSING]
[BEEPING]
TEACAKE: Yo. wait.
The timer's already going.
Oh. my God!
That son of a bitch started it!
Come on!
TEACAKE: I hate this job.
- [PANTING]
- [AIR HISSING FROM SUIT]
NAOMI: We're never gonna
make it out of here in these.
Take it off! Take it off!
[SQUELCHING]
[GROANING]
ROBERT: Oh. shit.
- How much time we got?
- The timer duration is unstable.
- What the hell does that mean?
- It might go off early.
it might go off late. Just hurry up!
ROBERT: Things are getting
a bit unpleasant here. Abigail.
- That fungus is moving towards you.
- No kidding.
- GRIFFIN: Go to the door.
- [GROWLING]
[GROANS]
GRIFFIN: Keep moving!
GRIFFIN: Ah! Whoa!
[GRUNTS]
Fuck...
GRIFFIN: Whoa...
[GUN CLICKING]
[INTENSE DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[BEEPING. STATIC]
Hey. asshole! You're all out!
I heard your clip go dry.
ROBERT: You think so?
Come on out here and find out!
[SNARLING]
I think I'm fucked up.
- [WHIMPERING]
- [SQUELCHING]
ROBERT: You're next. you bastard!
GRIFFIN: You trashed my bike. huh?
Fine. I'll take your ride.
This is some every-man-for-himself
kind of shit going on here.
[GROANS]
You gotta go.
Go fuck yourself.
[HORN HONKS]
Take your greasy hand out of his pants.
Who the hell are you?
- Okay to go?
- Okay to go!
Go where?
- [ROBERT GROANING]
- TRINI: You were right.
Your back is fine.
ROBERT: Oh. shut up.
TEACAKE: Is that guy
trying to kill us or what?
Whoa!
Shit.
Yo! You gotta get out of here!
- [GARBAGE MOANS SOFTLY]
- [TEACAKE PANTING]
- [WHIMPERING]
- TEACAKE: Oh. that's not so great.
Were you paying attention
when he showed you how to...
[THUDDING]
Yeah. You were.
- [BEEPING]
- [WHIRRING]
[SQUELCHING]
- Trini. we need to leave. Now!
- TEACAKE: Come on! Come on!
- No go! No go! No go!
- Okay.
Jeez. We're clean! We're clean!
We're clean!
ROBERT: We... We have to leave!
Holy shit! Griffin's dead.
TRINI: Yeah. That guy was an asshole.
[ROBERT GROANS IN PAIN]
You started that timer on us!
I knew you could get out.
- You did not know that!
- I had a hunch.
- You had a hunch?
- A solid hunch!
[GROANING]
I did not think
these two shitheads were gonna make it.
ROBERT: We haven't yet.
How much time we got?
ROBERT: It should've gone off
one minute and seven seconds ago.
You brought a defective suitcase bomb.
didn't you?
There is no such thing as a suitcase bomb.
I already told him that.
- The timer duration is unstable.
- Would you all please stop saying that?
How about now?
[BEEPING]
[STATIC]
[MUFFLED RUMBLING]
[WHIRRING]
- [NAOMI EXCLAIMS]
- Oh!
[EXCLAIMS]
Oh. shit! My son's car!
[RUMBLING]
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[POIGNANT MUSIC PLAYING]
WOMAN: [OVER PA]
A nuclear event has occurred.
Ionized radiation detected in zone five.
- [ALARM BLARING]
- This is not a drill.
JERABEK: Someone tell me
what the hell just happened!
WOMAN: [OVER PA]
A nuclear event has...
REPORTER: I'm sorry. Colonel.
that's not accurate.
In the hours immediately
following the Atchison incident.
you tried to silence the very people
- who prevented the spread of the fungus!
- Hold on. hold on. now.
REPORTER: No. no. but this is...
ROBERT: Yeah. go ahead. jerk-off.
- You tried...
- Try to spin your ass out of this one.
JERABEK: I'd like to get back
to talk about the preparations
we are now making to ensure
that nothing like this happens
in the future.
- do you...
- Asshole.
REPORTER: And you may well
have been successful
if not for the heroic actions of this man.
- retired DTRA officer Robert Quinn...
- ROBERT: Yeah.
...whose white paper report from 2009
warned of the possibility
- of this very incident.
- [LAUGHS]
JERABEK: No. I don't think people...
[CONTINUES INDISTINCTLY]
So. what's the over
on how long till he gets fired?
Forty-eight hours?
Abigail?
- Ishani. actually.
- Ishani.
My white paper got out. That was you?
- Mama didn't raise no patsies.
- Nice!
So are your drugs. apparently.
Hey! Macallan. How did you know?
I cheated. It was in your file.
Yeah?
I wanted to... thank you.
For what?
For reminding me why I joined.
To blow shit up?
To be there... when needed.
And you were.
Hey. mission ain't over.
Pour me a large one.
- Not on the painkillers. dummy.
- [SCOFFS]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[CHILDREN CHATTERING]
[NAOMI GIGGLING]
- [SCREAMS IN EXCITEMENT]
- Oh!
[TEACAKE AND SARAH LAUGH]
NAOMI: Careful!
TEACAKE: Look out.
[INHALES SHARPLY] I was about. like. uh...
16. 17. thereabouts.
Me and my boys were rolling around.
got the munchies.
and we pull off. and we get some Twinkies
or something like that.
I'm the last one in. though.
so they get all the good stuff.
and all that's left when I get there
is this thing called Aunt Sarah's Teacake.
- So...
- This is where the nickname came from?
I buy it. I like it.
I say I wanna go back. get another one.
and for some reason.
my boys think this is some hilarious shit.
- I mean. good stuff. so...
- Hmm.
...they started saying things like.
"Hey. Teacake.
- "Where's your teacake. huh?"
- [SARAH GIGGLES]
You know? Crazy. brilliant. witty... stuff
- like that. and that was it.
- Stuff.
TEACAKE: I was Teacake.
And I never really heard
my given name since.
Nobody even asked me.
Till you.
[CHUCKLES] See. Travis?
Loquacious.
- NAOMI: Whoa.
- [ALL LAUGH]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[BELLOWING]
[GRUNTS]
[GURGLING. RETCHING]
[(DON'T FEAR) THE REAPER BY LEO PLAYING]
[INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm